Update SUM document for superuser permission (#4355)
NCI-Agency/anet: client/stories/0-general/1-userRoles.stories.mdx

## Superusers

In addition to everything the normal, unprivileged users can do, ANET superusers have a few extra

> capabilities. A superuser can for example create new locations and new principals, as well as create
> new positions for principal organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
capabilities. A superuser is able to create:
- New locations
-  New principals (interlocutors, persons)
- Creating new positions in principal organizations
```

Is he not able to edit organisations and positions?
Does this also apply to orgnizations he has not been assigned to?
